[Fireworks of My Heart]
[Adapted from the novel
"A City, Waiting for You" by Jiuyuexi]
(Episode 20)
Dr Xu,
what a coincidence,
running into you here.
Yes.
- It's a coincidence indeed.
- Are you guys out shopping too?
Yes, our daily supplies are running low,
so we came out to buy some for everyone.
It's about time.
Let's head back to the team.
Yes, sir.
You are strict in managing subordinates,
and I think that's fine.
But doctors are hospital employees,
not fire station employees.
The medical rescue team is
a cooperating unit with you,
your status are equal.
So,
let's waive those rules
that restrict personal freedom.
Let's be more humane.
Yan Chen...
I think...
you won't just ignore what I said,
right, Captain Song?
Of course.
That's a good suggestion.
The more, the better.
Take your time here.
We'll head out first.
Yan Chen, let's go.
Didn't I tell you?
Eat less junk food.
Stay away from junk.
Yang Chi.
- Yes, Captain.
- Do you want to eat it?
- Yes.
- Just grab it then.
Are you waiting for me to feed you?
Let's go.
Dr Xu.
It's time for you to return
from your purchasing trip.
Time to return to the station.
Yan Chen, I should return
to the fire station.
Didn't she take leave?
Sorry, Mr Meng.
When we go out,
there are time limits and regulations.
I should get going.
As for your feedback,
we will consider about it.
- Let's head back.
- Yes, sir.
[Searching for a parking space,
please drive forward]
Hello, Mum.
Next time, give me a signal
in situations like this.
You surprised me just now.
It's because you were slow.
Why didn't you tell us
that you went to the fire station
for training?
Mum, this is for work.
Did you...
not take
what I said seriously?
No, I didn't.
Remember, come home this weekend.
The eldest son of the Dong family
might come over for dinner.
Mum, can't I...
Everything has been arranged.
Goodnight.
Mum, I'm home.
Have you had dinner?
Yes.
I came back to get some stuff.
I'm going home later.
Wait.
About your sister going
to the fire station for training,
are you aware of it?
Yes.
You knew?
Since you knew,
why didn't you stop her?
Is she getting involved
with Song Yan again?
They are not getting involved.
Meng Yan Chen,
you're going too far.
You're lying right to my face.
Last time,
you paid the fine for them.
This time,
you're hiding the fact
that she's at the fire station from me.
You keep covering for her.
Looks like
I've given you too much freedom
and indulgence.
Fine then. I'll find her a job
at a university
or a pharmaceutical company.
Mum,
Qin Qin likes being a doctor.
Please let her stay at the hospital.
Mum...
Deputy Director Liu,
I think this is really inappropriate.
Allowing young nurses and doctors
to live at the fire station.
I know, I know.
It's for work purposes.
Of course, I will support it.
But I think this kind of behaviour
is inappropriate.
Of course they have to leave.
Yes. They have to leave the station.
[China Fire and Rescue]
We are in the process
of adjusting and adapting.
If any issues arise,
we will make timely corrections.
Yes. Thank you, Deputy Director Liu.
What's wrong?
They received a complaint
from a medical staff's family member,
saying that they should move out
of the fire station.
We asked them to cooperate with us
in responding to emergencies.
Well, our response times
can be unpredictable,
standing by 24 hours a day.
Their concerns are understandable.
What do you think?
Their request is reasonable.
If they want to move out, that's fine.
It's already commendable
that they were willing...
to cooperate with us
in responding to emergencies.
After all, doctors are not firefighters.
They have their own lives.
There aren't many people.
Who could have filed the complaint?
It couldn't be
Xu Qin's mother, could it?
She looked difficult to deal with.
Hi.
I've been thinking
that it's about time
you came to see me.
Is this your idea of manners?
Considering our history,
do you...
really care about these trivial titles?
Right.
It was me who did it.
I know.
Besides you, no one else
could have done something like this.
I thought you would come to see me.
Actually, I was quite eager to meet you.
Not for other reasons,
I was just curious about
what kind of person you are.
But then I thought,
maybe you've been waiting
for me all along.
So maybe I should wait a bit longer.
You've matured.
I have to thank you for that.
After what I've gone through,
I've become more mature.
If you had been as composed back then,
in front of your father's grave,
I probably couldn't have done
anything to you.
You can't do
anything to me now.
Is that so?
If I wanted to,
it would be effortless.
I'm begging you.
Please spare my boy!
Don't ruin...
Get him away from me.
I'm begging you, please spare our boy.
Don't ruin his future.
- Get him out of here.
- Please.
Please spare our child.
Please. Don't ruin his future.
Please! Please!
Please!
Please spare our boy.
Don't ruin his future.
Please!
You can't just ruin our boy's future!
Excuse me, here's your coffee.
Leave my family alone.
It's not ten years ago anymore.
I'm not a kid anymore.
If I really decide to fight,
I won't let you
get away unscathed.
My father made you
feel quite challenged, didn't he?
I'm even tougher than him.
Fine.
You and Qin Qin
should stop seeing each other.
Are you afraid of me that much?
No.
You're just not worthy.
Song Yan,
to be honest,
I used to admire your father.
He was an upright man,
but...
he didn't know how to be flexible.
He was careless in his choice of friends.
And you...
Don't you have any self-respect?
With so many conflicts
between our families,
how can you still like Qin Qin?
I don't even know
if you have any ulterior motives.
Maybe
you're just...
like your mother.
Our values are different,
there's nothing more to talk about.
In your eyes,
people are divided into different ranks.
In my eyes,
everyone is equal.
I have never tried
to please anyone in my life,
nor have I looked down on anyone,
but I look down on you.
What a pity.
Pay attention to your posture!
Move forward!
Hold it farther away.
Hold it.
Stop.
Vice Captain Yang,
we have never tried this water gun.
Can we try it?
I'm not sure about that.
You girls don't have much strength.
This has quite a kick.
We're actually pretty strong.
Just let us give it a try.
We'll be leaving soon anyway.
Well, all right.
I'll let you have a go.
- Take a break, guys.
- Yes, sir.
Take off two suits
of clothes and helmets.
- Come with me.
- Okay.
Hi, Nan.
Dr Xu, take a picture of me.
Okay.
Hold it under your arm.
One leg front, the other back.
One leg front, the other back. Got it?
- Got it.
- Bend a little.
Make sure to hold it tightly.
The pressure is really strong.
- Okay.
- Turn on the water.
- Lower the water pressure.
Wait a moment
- and pull it backward to release it.
- Okay.
- Ready?
- Yes!
- Open the water!
- I...
Here we go, Dong Dong.
Three, two, one.
- Are you okay?
- Are you okay, Dr Xu?
Are you okay, Dr Xu?
Careful, guys.
Take a look at it.
Put your clothes on before you come out.
Hair dryer. Dry your hair. Don't catch a cold.
Your hands that are holding
the surgical knife is so clumsy, Dr. Xu.
How strange.
It's because your sleeves
are too long and baggy,
hindering my movement.
Sit down.
My hair's getting all tangled up.
Do you still want my help?
Why are you laughing?
You look like a ghost.
You turned me into a ghost.
Here.
Don't catch a cold.
Take a hot shower.
Aren't your aunt and uncle here?
If I'm in the middle of a shower, and
they come in, won't they catch me?
All right. Go on.
I'll wait outside.
Song Yan,
where's the hair dryer?
How long have you been a firefighter?
A long time.
So,
you were in the army before?
Right.
You said back then that you wanted
to apply to a military academy.
I didn't perform well in my second college
entrance examination either. I messed it up.
Don't over think it.
It had nothing to do with you leaving.
I was never cut out for academics.
But I remember
when you repeated the year,
you made significant progress.
You remember it wrong.
Okay, it's almost dried.
Why do I get the feeling
you're not telling me the truth?
Song Yan?
What truth?
I want to know everything about you
after we separated.
Can't you tell me?
Yes, I can't.
Why?
That's my own business.
It has nothing to do with you.
Nothing to do with me?
Are you serious?
Then what's the point of me
coming to the fire station this time?
If that's what you were thinking,
then you shouldn't have come.
Did you not want me to come?
It has nothing to do with that.
Then what does it have to do with?
We have missed ten years.
I want to fill in the gaps
of these ten years.
Why bother, Xu Qin?
The time that has been missed is gone.
It cannot be made up just because
you wish to piece it together.
Why cling to the past and not let go?
You said
we need time
to get to know each other.
We can reacquaint ourselves,
see if the person before us now
can make our hearts flutter,
if we still like them,
and if we want
to be together again.
But the person standing in front of me has
also gone through the past to come to me.
I want to know
what you have gone through
in these ten years.
I want to know about your past.
Is... Is that wrong?
You can find out about my past, Dr Xu.
But what is
our relationship now?
Are we friends?
Lovers?
With what identity do you want to
delve into my past?
Song Yan,
are you trying
to set boundaries with me?
Are you saying
that if we're just friends,
I've crossed the line?
I don't know...
I don't know how things between us
have reached this dead end today.
Dead end...
Maybe if we see each other less,
not see each other at all,
keep our distance,
things will get better.
You're right.
We should keep our distance.
It was my one-sided wishful thinking.
It's all my own problem.
I'm sorry.
It'll be over after today.
In the future,
we'll have fewer opportunities to meet.
That's for the best.
Are you saying
that after today,
we'll never see each other again?
I see.
So, the gift you gave me
carries this meaning.
Thank you.
I wish you all the best,
Captain Song.
Dr Xu, you just got drenched. Have some.
What if you get sick tomorrow?
It's hot. Careful.
You made this?
Have some. I have to take care
of you for the sake of everyone.
Thank you.
Can I go back to the hospital first?
Of course not. You are our team leader.
It wouldn't look good if you didn't go.
Finish it.
Let's go there later.
I was looking for you.
Let's go. It's the farewell dinner.
What farewell dinner?
Dr Xu and the others have arrived.
We're having a farewell dinner.
- My stomach is upset.
- Don't give me that.
You're the captain.
How can you not attend the dinner?
Let's go. Hurry up. Come on. Let's go.
Guys, I'd like to propose a toast.
Shouldn't we toast the medical staff?
You've worked so hard!
- Raise your glasses!
- Good job!
As the medical team,
we should also thank you
for taking care of us during this time.
- Thank you.
- That's too formal.
We're all part of the same team.
We're one family now.
Do visit often.
- You too, Nan.
- Okay, we will.
I will visit often.
I'll bring my son with me next time.
What? You have a son, Bei?
- No, no.
- You look so young.
Like you just graduated
from the nursing school.
No, no. I meant my godson.
Still, you are very young
to be a godmother.
Do you have a son, Nan?
Pi Pi, that's none of your concern.
Dr Li, you're so fair-skinned,
surely there are men pursuing you.
I think so too.
Don't start gossips.
I don't have any suitors.
When I have time off,
my mum keeps arranging
blind dates for me.
Forget about me.
You guys shouldn't have any
problems finding a girlfriend, right?
They say the most handsome ones
are already dedicated to the country.
Actually, it's strange.
Those of us who have partners
in the station are all quiet types.
I mean, look at Yi, Ge,
Yuan Hai, Liu Kai.
They are all quiet types. Right, Ge?
Why do you still talk so much then?
If that's the case,
your captain is the quietest.
Does he have a girlfriend too?
Dong Dong, you don't know this,
but our captain is quite devoted.
He has been waiting for
his first love for ten years.
Really?
I heard it from Yi.
Come on, man. Don't sell me out.
Captain, you're so romantic.
So there really are people who are
deeply devoted and romantic like this.
- Tell us about it, Captain.
- Tell us now.
Jiang Yi was just talking nonsense.
There's nothing like that.
Go back to eating your food now.
Captain, there's nothing
to be embarrassed about.
- Our veteran team members all know it.
- That's right.
Let me vouch for Jiang.
What Jiang Yi said is true.
That's enough. Stop being nosy.
So, where is that girl now?
I'm curious.
She's abroad.
Does she know that you've always
liked her and are still waiting for her?
Whether she knows or not
doesn't really matter.
We won't be together anyway.
It's been so many years,
and people change.
Some feelings don't need to be forced.
Having memories and being well apart
is the best outcome.
That's such a pity.
That's right, Captain.
Don't you think it's a pity?
In life,
there are always a few things to regret.
Yes.
I have regrets too.
For example, this joint rescue team
didn't meet my expectations.
I feel a bit regretful about that.
Don't say that.
We've learned a lot here.
That's right.
It's been a real eye opener.
If I hadn't come, I wouldn't have known
that firefighters have to do so many things.
That's because of the restructuring.
Now, fire incidents,
disaster response, and social emergencies
of all kinds fall under our responsibility.
All I know is that
after the restructuring,
our management has
become more military-like.
We have more opportunities to go out.
Yes, and the benefits
have improved a lot too.
If they could be further
enhanced in the future,
- that would be even better.
- It's not about the benefits.
We are here to serve the people.
Yes, to serve the people.
Yes, yes.
Indeed. What you're doing
deserves even more rewards.
The restructuring is a good thing.
Yes,
it's more professional, meticulous,
and career-oriented.
Those of us who are part of it
feel that it's a good thing.
I hope our working environment and systems
can also undergo some changes.
Actually, I think your work
is quite challenging too.
Yes, but in comparison,
your job is tougher.
Actually, I really dislike
the words "heroism",
"sentiment", "dedication",
and "sacrifice."
These words shouldn't be associated
with any specific profession.
A profession should be
just a profession itself.
What does that mean?
In society,
no job should be fueled by love.
The public shouldn't demand any group
of people to sacrifice themselves.
A profession is just a profession.
It can have responsibilities
and a sense of mission,
but fundamentally, it's just a job.
It doesn't need to be adorned
with a divine or heroic halo.
We are all ordinary people.
You should receive rewards
according to the value you create.
Apart from that,
we shouldn't burden the profession
with too many extra things,
especially grand theories and grandiose ideals.
Are you denying the halo
associated with our profession?
I just think
that it shouldn't be like that.
Shouldn't be like how?
Never mind, you wouldn't understand.
Let's just eat.
You think we're all living in
a delusional dream of being a hero?
Actually,
I think this...
Dr Xu, come out with me for a second.
- Captain.
- Dr Xu.
Dr Xu...
- Chi, maybe I should go after them.
- Sit down.
There are so many dishes.
Don't waste them.
Stay out of it.
Let's eat.
Do you think
that the people inside,
your colleagues,
my friends,
are like fools,
that we relied on these delusional dreams
of being heroes to self-hypnotize ourselves
and choose this profession,
persisting in it until now?
You know that's not what I meant.
I know what you mean.
You've always been smart.
You're so smart
that everyone is a fool in your eyes,
including me.
Why are you getting angry with me?
What I said isn't wrong, is it?
Yes.
Your words truly match your character.
Really,
Xu Qin,
you're still the same as before,
never owing anyone anything
and never allowing anyone
to take even a bit more from you.
So, I can't discuss things
objectively, is that it?
What kind of objectivity
are you talking about?
There are many professions
in this society.
Every occupation has its own difficulties.
Everyone involved in their respective
profession faces their own challenges.
You think sanitation workers' works are easy?
You think teachers' works are easy?
That police officers' works are easy?
What about those involved in
infrastructure or border defense?
There are certain special professions
that involve public service
and social care.
They can't be simply...
be defined by money.
Every profession is gradually improving,
gradually changing.
It's the efforts and actions
of individuals within those professions,
not just empty words.
We face so many things every day.
Things.
Xu Qin,
you only see things in your eyes,
without any sentiment.
Do you love your profession?
Do you love yours then?
I do.
Not just me,
Jiang Yu,
Yang Chi, Jiang Yi and the others,
we all love our job.
And I believe your colleagues,
Li Nan and Xu Xi, love their job too.
You must think
we are fools.
Do you know
there are three words called
"I am willing"?
These words are priceless.
But there are some people
who are like fools.
When they look at things,
they see the sentiment.
[Braving The Fire and The Danger,
Always Ready to Fight and Win]
They are willing to be angels,
to be heroes,
to selflessly dedicate themselves
without asking for anything in return.
You have no right to look down on them.
I'm not looking down on anyone.
- I just want to tell you rationally...
- Your rationality is condescending
and cruel.
It's extremely inappropriate
for today.
Goodbye,
Dr Xu.
Song Yan,
you've misunderstood me.
I just don't want to see you
taking such risks for your beliefs.
I don't want your profession
to become a burden on your shoulders.
Yang, where is the gift
you prepared for Nurse Xu Xi?
I got it.
Just shut up.
Nurse Xi, this is for you.
I know you really love to drink this,
so I bought this for you.
Let me know when you finish it,
- and I'll get you more. No worries.
- I don't have any gifts for you.
I wish you well at work.
Okay. Remember to wash your clothes well.
- I will.
- Okay, I'm going now.
- Okay, okay.
- Instructor,
I need to ask you a favour.
What is it, Dr Xu?
Can you help me apologize
to everyone for what happened earlier?
Sometimes, I don't express myself well.
I really didn't mean that.
I know.
You two were just caught up in the moment.
Don't take it to heart.
Dr Xu, don't over think it.
We all know you didn't mean it that way.
I know you're worried about us.
We've spent so much time together.
How could we not know
what kind of person you are?
Captain is probably not
in a good mood today.
Don't take it to heart.
I'm leaving now.
Have a safe journey.
Are you reluctant to leave?
You want to stay, huh?
Bye.